---
classes: wide
---


{% assign Buttercup =  "Vanetta" %}

{% assign Bubbles =  "Vyomi" %}

{% assign Blossom =  "Valora" %}

{% assign Age = "25" %}

The plan: Outline seperate stories as introductions to the characters. Each tells what the girls are doing/facing and how they over come or persevere. Obviously this is WIP.

***

{% include figure image_path="/assets/Puff.jpg" alt="The Girls" %}

# The Girls - B to V
### Buttercup ({{Buttercup}})  
* Info
    + Alias: Green Machine 
    + Associations: Gangrene Gang (associate from interaction that later resulted in her receiving inject. Allow for fast recovery) 
    + Age: {{Age}} 
    + Occuptation: Underground Fighter 
    + Personality traits: Stubborn 
    + Highest level of education: Highschool 
    + Physical traits: Muscular, tall 
    + Biggest motivator: Fame 
    + Biggest fear: Intimacy 
    + Likes: 
    + Dislikes: 
    + Powers: Strength, Speed, Regeneration 
    + Concept based off Akali (LoL), Faith (Mirrors Edge) , Tifa (FFVII) 


> That last fight was bust. It did not end well for the both of us. It ended up a loss for me by shitty ruling, but he ended up in a coma anyways. Should have never accepted his offer, but whatever these people wanted a show, and best of all, they know my name.

{{ Buttercup }} has a rough personality, not liked by many, but alluring or inspiring to others in the underground. She’s an amatuer underground MMA fighter trying to make a name for herself. Her aim is that of fame. Be the best at what she does best: fighting. Because of this singlar aim, {{ Buttercup }} does not put enough effort into other areas of her life. Effectively a degenerate, she scrapes by with the winnings from her matches. She would swallow her pride and bet against herself to get by so she’ll fight another match. But as it is her tradition, she’ll mostly spends her earnings on drugs and alcohol. Constantly at the end of her rope, {{ Buttercup }} lives her life, one fight at a time.

***

### Bubbles ({{Bubbles}})
* Info
    + Alias: CyberVyrus Support Class
    + Associations - HIM (association stems from a unique interface to properly integration HIM technology) 
    + Age: {{Age}} 
    + Occuptation: Freelance hacker  
    + Personality traits: Cautious 
    + Highest level of education: Some college 
    + Physical traits: Petite, slim 
    + Biggest motivator: Companionship 
    + Biggest fear: Betrayal 
    + Likes: 
    + Dislikes: 
    + Powers: Technomancy, Augmentation 
    + Concept based off of Hatsune Miku (Vocaloid), Jinx (LoL)

>We’re a full team. 2 fighters, 2 tanks, and a healer which is me. I hate it when the system sets it up like this. Very unfair. The other team will have a hay day with us.

>“Lets win ths 1”

>“O boy, a bunch of randos”

>“Rember 2 rez us”

> They always start the game this way as if what they say mattered. It only means something if we win. Never it meant anything when we lose. But I always start my games with 

>“Good Luck. Have Fun “

<strike>
{{Bubbles}} was found in a basket, but without limbs. Because of this physical limitation, {{Bubbles}} is forced to live a sheltered life, unable to perform semi-abled-body functions. She learns from educational videos, news streams, and other media sources that is available. Her guardians also provides her with information on the world while keeping {{Bubbles}} alive. It was when her guardians find at the doorstep an unusual package shipped to {{Bubbles}}. Inside were robotic limbs that were meant to connect to Bubbles’s metallic receptors of where limbs would be. Although, {{Bubbles}} was no longer physically limited in exploring the world, she herself was  her own restraint to ever venture out. She would not go out beyond the home she grew up in, as she had found comfort in her use of the internet connect world she is all too familiar of. Online is where her presence is strong, and where she now earns a living in cyber warfare. </strike>

### <strike> {{Bubbles}} V2 </strike>

<strike> {{Bubbles}} grew up like any other kid in the crowded neighborhoods of TSV Megalopolis, or she'd had hoped. She played and ran with the other kids, until the accident. It's hardly a tragedy a kid would get hurt or even killed in the high speed disorder of the city. The accident happened too fast for anyone to remember who was involved, but people were left wondering. The report on the news the next day had found no body, but only an arm and a leg that only suggest they came from a child. {{Bubbles}} watched the news report while fidgeting with the silky and polished arm as the shine from the TV glistened upon it. Left traumatized and ashamed, she dared not go out beyond the home she grew up in. Eventually, {{Bubbles}} grew a stronger presence in the net connected world, where she earns a living in cyber warfare.

</strike>

### {{Bubbles}} V3

Growing up sheltered from most of world, {{Bubbles}} keeps to herself in her room, from fear of the world discovering her true nature of existance. Her guardian rarely sees {{Bubbles}} leave her room other than for necessities, and wonders if the girl will ever leave the place to look for work or even a better, fuller life. But {{Bubbles}}' world is full of potential in the online space. Social networking, ecommerse and other online venues provide many opportunities. Especially the darknet, where {{Bubbles}} finds herself work as a competent hacker, which proves more than useful as the darknet is a dangerous place in an ever increasingly digital world. There, she learned to be vigiliant and rarely trusting anyone she encounters. However, having immersed herself in the net-connected space for so long the, the feeling for belonging  and companionship lingers. This reclusive life-styles sometimes does more harm than the safety is provides her, as her need to simply exist slips day by day.

*** 

### Blossom ({{Blossom}}) 
* Info
    + Alias: Best Girl or something seductive
    + Associations - Sedusa (association stems from that fact that she takes up jobs to make extra money, and gained a network of trust) 
    + Age: {{Age}} 
    + Occuptation: Underground Fighter 
    + Personality traits: Headstrong 
    + Highest level of education: Highschool 
    + Physical traits: Athletic, average 
    + Biggest motivator: Purpose 
    + Biggest fear: Inadequacy 
    + Likes: 
    + Dislikes: 
    + Powers: Psychic, Enhanced senses 
    + Concept based of off Aloy (Horizon Zero Dawn), Ygritte (GoT) 

> The alarm is going to hit 5:30 soon. I have to get up for the run. It takes me 28 minutes to finish 3 minutes to get back into my room, 15 to wash up and another 15 to get ready for the haul to get to work. I can do things better to get a better time, but that’ll be another day to test. This routine works well enough. This week is where the new patients are sent in. I kind of like seeing the new faces. Gives me something to look forward to. I already have this month covered, but with the new pay installment also coming in, I might have to do that job again to cover the cost. She deserve to see another day. The alarm is about to go off.

{{Blossom}} lives a life where she’s better off than most. She puts effort into her line of work and is respected by most of her colleagues. Being the what everyone calls her, the “best girl”, she excels at her tasks. But she does so at a cost. Although {{Blossom}} performs above and beyond her line of work, she is financially burdened to the point of ruin. This is because of the sick and quite nearly dying guardian {{Blossom}} feels compelled to care for. {{Blossom}} obligates herself with this filial responsibility out of respect her guardian took care of her during her time growing up. However, she understands that to meet the medical cost she’ll need to gather resources though other, non-reputable means. Through these trials and her honor, {{Blossom}} struggles to fulfills a growing debt. 

***
