
{% assign Buttercup =  "Vanetta" %}

{% assign Bubbles =  "Vyomi" %}

{% assign Blossom =  "Valora" %}

# Outline v2

The girls are experiments. Designer babies created to test a specific hypothesis the Professor wanted to answer: what makes the perfect little girl. He could not enclose them in a lab for monitoring. The data gathered would be too limited for anything meaningful. He needed to gather data on them in the open world, to yield promising results. With the largest conglomerate entity at his fingertips, he set up a system that’ll monitor the girls, at every moment of their lives. Only then he’ll be able to put forth his answers. The professor places each infant girl at the doorstep of strangers at selected parts of TSV Megalopolis. Fast forward into the lives of the girls, they are now working adults and living like everyone else around, them ignorant of their purposes. 

{{Buttercup}} gets by as an underground fighter, where her winnings sustain her style of degeneracy, partying and drinking like there's no tomorrow. But not lost without hope she believes there is a something worth fighting for. Vain as it may, her aim is to be the squaring off with champions, always believe she's just a few matches away from stardom. Career driven she may seem, {{Buttercup}} holds no candle to {{Blossom}}'s ambitions. 

{{Blossoms}} had what most would consider an enviable childhood. She grew up in the better section of the city, went to the well funded schools, and works the respectable jobs. As normal her live sounds, it is far from her reality. {{Blossom}} take on these jobs for the sole purpose of her guardian's medical bills, or so she thinks. Slaving away the rest of her life to do right by the person who ensured her her childhood, {{Blossom}} doesn’t think twice of what must be done. She understands her honor can be betrayed, but her moral choices are not easily swayed. Which is more than what can be said for {{Bubbles}}.

### ~~ {{Bubbles}} V1

~~ {{Bubbles}}, growing up, developed a few mental. disorders but not what the professor designed. It was the implication of his experiment, as {{Bubbles}} was found by her guardian without limbs. By only removing her limbs and grafting bio-mechanic receptors, the professor gave way to replacement limbs. Once in while the professor anonymously ships limbs, to coincide the {{Bubbles}} growth rate. But {{Bubbles}} could not see herself as a normal child growing up. She grew distant, antisocial, and ultimately emotionally depressed. She finds console in her guardian, which is a joy in rare moments. In those absent times, Bubbles immerses herself in the net world where is her ventures brought her employment as a hacker for hire. But depression still lingers. ~~

### {{Bubbles}} V2

{{Bubbles}}, growing up, developed a few mental disorders but not what the professor designed. It was the implication of his experiment, as it is the reason {{Bubbles}} is living today. She does not understand it herself, but the body perseveres itself through metallic adaptation and becomes further resilient to damage. But the scars themselves are left metallic. This left {{Bubbles}} unable to see herself as a normal child growing up. She grew distant, antisocial, and ultimately emotionally depressed. She finds console in her guardian, which is a joy at rare moments. In those absent times, {{Bubbles}} immerses herself in the net world where is her ventures eventually brought her employment as a hacker for hire. But depression still lingers.

The girls live their lives unaware of one another’s existence. They struggle with the problems of life in their own way, dictated by TVS Megalopolis, as do the rest of the denizen of the city. Gang wars, social upheaval, information trade, corporate skirmishes, mass murder, hack jobs and botch jobs are just a taste of what the city offers. Through some series of events, the girls found each other. Through these interactions, they discover from one another more of themselves than just being in the same company and mutual cooperation. They share similar birth circumstances, age, name, and even the lingering question of where they've come from. Their friendship have led them to doing various underground jobs that are always available to do in TVS Megalopolis. Their work was getting them noticed for hits with higher risk and higher payouts.

A high steaks job came in one night, at least that's the impression. The informant pushed a lot of money for a deal. To entice or to entrap, the girls weren't sure which but they've dealt with both. Not often these kinds of offers are fronted like that. They take the job to steal cloning technology from AmIba's researcher, Dr. Abrahm Cadavera. The technology is heavily guarded by AmIba guards and since they use system isolate netowrks, {{{Bubbles}} is required to physically join. After months of preparation, the girls make their move, and were successful, but now AmIba will make extra effort in tracking them down and capturing them. {{Bubbles}} now feels confortable to joining in any mission. 

Girls probably move in where {{Blossom}} lives. The girls had lay low for a few months, surviving off the fronted payment they received from the job. They then are contacted to meet up with their informant. The girls are brought on to a private air ship to take them to an off world site, orbiting the planet. They meet their informant, Mojo. He monologues to reveal why he wanted the to meet the girls face to face and why he wanted the cloning technology. He was going to use their bodies to create better cloned versions of them as males. He tried to capture them for experimentation, dead or alive. The girls proved formidable in fighting off his attempt, but are forced to escape the site, through an emergency shuttle, as orbital facility is compromised. 

They are now back in the city, but they needed to move somewhere else to avoid being found and continue their business as a small specialized force team. AmIba is still after them, but after losing their cloning technology, they are struggling to keep up with supplying the high demand of personnel. New companies are making a move to replace AmIba. The monitoring system but in place by the professor was destroyed in the orbital crash and Mojo is no where to be found, but the company continues to operate. 

Outline left open ended for any expansion.