The alarm is going to hit 5:30 soon. I have to get up for the run. It takes me 28 minutes to finish with 3 minutes to get back into my room, 15 to wash up and another 15 to get ready for the haul to get to work. I can do things better to get a better time, but that’ll be another day to test. This routine works well enough. This week is where the new patients are sent in. I kind of like seeing the new faces. Gives me something to look forward to. I already have this month covered, but with the new pay installment also coming in, I might have to do that job again to cover the cost. She deserve to see another day. The alarm is about to go off.

She rose and slipped out of the bed and sheets to immediately put on her goto gear for anything that outside. Before she made it to the door, her phone ranged in her pocket. "BLOCKED NUMBER"  it read across its small screen of a few hundrud pixels. 

"Just stop already. I'm not going back" She muttered as she muted the device. "I have too many things to worry about anyway". She made her way through the door outside the house, onto the sidewalk of her darkly light street. She looked around the area out of instinct, took a deep breahth, and start her morning run around the block. It's a luxury her neighborhood is safe enough at this time and luminous enough to run out on her own. Any place outside the corporate area would considered too dangerous for most, but it wouldn't matter for Blossom. Not many things can delay her day. 

A thin mist lingered from the rain the night before and will disperse once the sun shines through. Enough rain fell for the warms to burrow out from the unpaved ground and dirt which had them scattered across the area. She began on her usual route down towards the recreational park and made sure to avoid squishing scattered pink strings. A few neighbors were also out performing their morning ritual of the day. They noticed Blossom jogging her way down the park and waved, but she became accustomed to ignoring them and didn't return the gesture. Not even a simple glance towards them as she was dedicated to the task at hand. She made her turn for the park, but just before she broke line of sight, she quickly peered back to her neighbors, but they were already disappeared, mostly likely back into their homes for other preparations. 

Further jogging into the park, sweat beads began to surface on her forehead, but the cool breeze kept them from rolling down. Although there were a few ponds scattered around the area, there was hit of salt in the air. "Probably from the others ahead" she thought as there are other morning joggers in the neighborhood. She didn't find the usual runners along her route, however, the homeless were they in there usually spot. The smell from their garbage possessions lingered from since the night they've squated, some maggot infested. Festival weekends are when Grounds keepers usually force them off the area only when squatting. 

She noticed in the distance at one of the folks ahead, one these vagrants,sitting under a smell tree, was very much awake and she had caught his view. She watched his subtle figdeting with his hand under his tattered coat while the other hung by his side for any suspicious cues. He pulled from his coat something simliar to a meal container, mostly like empty for what she deduct to prepare for the the only way he earns any credit to his name. He popped himself from under once Blossom closed enough distance. Everyone who lives in this neighborhood follows the same routine. No eye contact, neutral facial expression and no response. But passive aggressive response sometimes does not cut it, and it wasn't going to cut this guy Blossom soon found out. 

He was assertive enough to block her path but only partially, but him holding out his container further reduced the amount of space available. In a deep and gargled voice "Got any space cred?" but Blossom followed the routine. However just before passing him, he gruntled and belched an almost acidic fume. She winced from the auburn haze as it left a burning sensation in her eyes and nose. Before Blossom could further herself, she felt a faint tug on her arm. "Let me apologize at least. I didn't mea-" but she immediately picked up her pace and pulled away from him, slipping through his grasp. 

Outline: She further hallucinates her day. She gets back home, showers, dressed and out for the commute. Things are normal, but a bit off. She ignores it all. She arrives at the, [Hospital-Name] where she works, a prominant hospital, that specializes in neurology and neurosurgery. 